Rosa
While looking for a place I went to look at
a place in East Williamsburg kinda near the Morgan L.
It was a loft with about seven ramshackle bedrooms with
eight roommates already some stacked on top of each other
most of them closed off with cloth instead of doors
the whole place was probably about a 750sq ft.
DRAMATIC MUSIC ON THE BACKGROUND The shower didn't work and
was made from a plastic water tank and some tubing
and was located in a closet along with two cats' litter boxes.
The table in the main room was covered end to
end with empties and then there were stacks of empties
near the windows and alongside the walls.
When I asked the roommates what they did for fun
'93We drink a lot.'
The '93room'94 was a 5 foot high cubby box up
a step ladder with no door.
They wanted 800 dollars a month for it.
NOTE end of file